being real i cant understand we everything.
this is ayush on my path to do ECE.
Day 0 - Journey begins
Date: 18 March 2025 4 am

## Today
Created this repository at 4am.
gonna do bio after waking up 
(reason-i was not sure what I'm gona do so took both bio and math in boards)
now i cant understand both
so for now gona prep for bio 

##what i have
a goal
a plan no body asked for(a really big one)
and this git hub account 


##honest fellings
pretty fucked up situation 
got 62.8 arround percentile at jee first attempt 
a bit scared for the future 
but still i am the best as always 






march 19 4am
i spent whole day planning what to do rather then doing so kind of a wasted day 
but can say those plans are brilliant 
currently bet stressed and emotionals I'll be alright haha




march 19 22:30
wtf what am I even doing 
again wasted whole day planning 
i need to get to work
okey what I got is what I'll be doing next few months and how so that's a yey
I'll feel lonely though 
well everything will get fixed one day 
I know I am right
I'll answer these questions from tomorrow daily so let's go 

What did I actually do today?
   (Not what I planned. What happened.)

2. What was the hardest moment
   and how did I handle it?

3. What did I learn today that
   connects to my projects?

4. What am I avoiding and why?

5.what I am felling today

6. What is the one thing I will
   do tomorrow no matter what?

march 22 1:00 am 
going to sleep right now 
what a fucked up day getting honey trap haha am I taht easy to get fooled well everything settled in one day all the oat faults and everything 

I did almost nothing except sitting in name of study for 5 min
and a video to how to instal linex mint


getting a proper wake up

that I am worst at reading people

tried to avide the Convo cuz it can hurt

sad but now have a direction 

do atleast one chapter of bio tomorrow 



23 march 4:45

my life loves to fuck with me 
and really did 
and me being a fool geting life advice from a ai 
but that's all I have no one else trusts me soo what else can I do 
one thing I can make sure of us that I'll become one of the best engineer to exist 

I am feeling disappointed and happy 
and also regret that I didn't completed my task 


I'll make sure to complete 2 lecture tomorrow 